 Books
<hr>

Fire in the Valley: The Making of The Personal Computer (Michael Swaine and Paul Freiberger)  - A historical overview of the personal computer revolution by journalists who were there at the time it happened. Interesting to get the perspective of someone who worked outside the industry but had a front row seat to the birth of the industry. I started reading this book in high school, but took a break and didn't return to it until after college. I enjoyed it much more once I had a better understand of computer architecture and I recommend you at least understand the basics of computer organization before starting. Much of the book is dedicated to describing microprocessors and the different forces that determined which ones were successful and which were not. I walked away with greater appreciation of hardware engineers and system software designers. Interesting fact from the book: Steve Jobs did not become a billionaire from Apple, but through his third company Pixar. (7/10)

Atlas Shrugged (Ayn Rand): Infamous for inspiring what some call ‘naive politics’, Atlas Shrugged is one of the few books I can say changed my life. Before reading this book in high school, I was a terrible student who only did well because I was able to cram for exams. But like many a narcissistic highschooler before me, I read Atlas Shrugged and immediately became convinced that I was destined for greatness. While there are both pros and cons to this type of thinking and self-aggrandizement, one of the immediate effects was that I started studying and taking school seriously for the first time. If I had not read this book, I would not have gone to college and certainly would not be as driven for success as I am today. Take the politics with a grain of salt, but I think most people would benefit from reading this book. (10/10)

The Fountainhead (Ayn Rand): My review of the Fountainhead is similar to my review of Atlas Shrugged. It is motivational and inspires one to greatness. Less of an emphasis on politics than Atlas Shrugged and focuses more on living life on your own terms, regardless of the groupthink and social conditioning around you. Go message and helpful for getting in the proper mindset to work hard and consistently over a long period of time. Read before going to college if possible. (10/10)

IT (Stephen King): My favourite part about Stephen King books is the world building. IT is a monster of a book and a large part of the novel is spent on digressions. But the digressions are the best part, where Stephen King goes off and talks about various aspects of the town, life in New England, oddities of the town drunk, or any random subject outside the main plot. There was one part at the end that I thought was odd and out of place. Besides that, a good summer read. (6/10)

